Let's go through Exercise 1 together.
So I'm on a Mac, so I already have voice
over installed and I'll use that for
this demo.
I'm not gonna dim my screen
because I'm presenting, but
we can use the bottom left gray area
to see kind of what I would be hearing.
So I'll enable voice over, use voice over.
And so kinda here we are.
I'm in this Chrome tab.
And so
even without being able to visually see,
I can tab one since as basic commands.
I'll link JAWS, I'll link NVDA,
I'll link Chrome Screen Reader,
and then I get into this form and
it says favorite color.
I don't know, I'm gonna go purple.
And then it says first name,
John, last name, Kuperman.
Age, how old am I?
33 maybe, and then submit button.
And so yeah, I just kind of wanted people
to get kind of a little bit of familiarity
with, yeah,
what what that experience is like.
And like what it might be like filling
out a form or something like that, or
navigating through some links with
just the screen reader alone.
I'm gonna go ahead and
turn off the screen reader for now, and
we'll cover this in the next section.
But I did wanna just kinda bring up, so
the reason that these work is because
they are labeled form fields.
And that's something that we're gonna be
talking about in the very next section.
But that's why the screen reader knows
exactly what content to tell you to put
in there.